Export api changes to add first used timestamp column in query period - CE changes (#31422)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/31422.txt

```release-note:improvement

> activity: The [activity export API](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/api-docs/system/internal-counters#activity-export) response now includes the client's first used timestamp within the specified query period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
activity: The [activity export API](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/api-docs/system/internal-counters#activity-export) response now includes a new timestamp that denotes the first time the client was used within the specified query period.
```
Maybe this is clearer?
